well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about
president donald trump
and rounding a corner because he said
that
in the debates we're rounding a corner
maybe i mean it
i see that as an analogy but not the way
he meant it
so we're going to talk about rounding a
corner and how we can stop
from rounding that corner if you don't
know if you missed the news yesterday
yesterday was our highest number of
daily
new cases period that's the end of the
sentence
not this week not this month not from
some arbitrary point in the past
ever highest number here in the u.s
eighty thousand and five
the experts are predicting six figure
days
soon
rounding a corner huh to me it makes
sense
because corners are dangerous
it's a good spot to walk into an ambush
if you don't know what's around it and
make no mistake about it
trump does not know what's around the
corner because as we recently found out
from fouchy
he hasn't attended a task force meeting
in months
he's not listening to fauci and the
other experts anymore
he is reportedly relying on the advice
of scott atlas
you may recognize that name he's the
person
who twitter removed one of his tweets
because they said it was misinformation
dangerous misinformation about this very
thing
he was saying the masks weren't really
effective
in related news a new study just came
out if 95 percent of americans
wear a mask in public do what they're
supposed to do as far as distancing and
all the non-pharmaceutical stuff
a hundred and thirty thousand lives can
be saved
by february if compliance with that
drops to 85
95 000 lives will be saved
i don't know that we actually have 85
compliance with wearing a mask and doing
the stuff you're supposed to
the people who don't are often those who
want to show that they're tough want to
show that they're brave
these are the same people who talk about
well
if my country called i'd
i'd go to the front lines your country
is calling
they don't need you on the front lines
they need you to wear a mask
there's 130 000 people counting on you
please wash your hands don't touch your
face
stay at home if you have to go out wear
a mask
do the distancing you're supposed to i
know for
a lot of people i've heard that over and
over and over again
and people ask you know why do i keep
saying it everybody on the channel knows
only 60 percent of people who watch any
given video
are subscribed with
the average number of views that means
about 50 000 people
are hearing that from for the first time
at least from me
so i feel obligated to say it every once
in a while
aside from that
we've been at this a long time there's
probably some fatigue
setting in can't let your guard down
can't relax can't stop taking
precautions
130 000 people are counting on you
we have to stay in the fight until it's
over
we don't just get to stop
so please you want to be a hero
you want to protect your country wear a
mask
it's really that simple we cannot trust
this administration to make the right
calls
it's not gonna go away like a miracle
we're headed into winter
it's gonna get worse and we're already
in a bad
place no matter what when winter comes
the numbers are going to go up
we're already at a record high
we we can't allow that
we have to maintain the precautions we
have to get better
at the precautions we have to do
what 130 000 people are counting on us
doing anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day